Add link to sofia portal (#633)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/brussel/tier1_sofia.rst

Web portal
**********

> To access Tier-1 **sofia** you can also use the `Open On-Demand` web portal at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Tier-1 **sofia** you can also use the `Open OnDemand` web portal at
```
